76
AFRICAN METHODISM
Canty, P. Brooks, W>. E. Stanton, C. C. Thurman,
Charles Kidd and M. Jordan, The Rev. F. A. Clinton,
B. R. Glass and W. R. Pettiford were introduced to the
conference. Prof. R. C. O. Benjamin, Prof. B. W.
Arnett, Jr., and Prof. J. L,. H. Watkins were visitors
to this conference under Bishop Payne's administra¬
tion. We had what was known as the Preachers1' Aid
Society, and each minister was required to pay one
dollar annual dues, which was a great help to the poor
ministers. It has since died or been suspended. It
would be well to have such institutions in all of our
conferences to-day. At this session a telegram was
received from Bishop Ward, dated Meridian, Miss.,
asking for five strong working men The following
brethren were transferred to him: Revs. M. M. Mayo,
E. C. Wallace, J. R. Collins and J. W. Williams. It
was Bishop Payne's custom to have the delegates
elected two conferences before the General Confer¬
ence. His purpose, as he stated, was to have the dele¬
gate study the law and be prepared to discharge the
duties-and great responsibilities that rested upon the
composition of such a body, and we believe it would be
well if such ruling was universal. His manner was to
elect at this session and confirm the same at the last
session of the quadrennium. Prof. W:. H. Councill,
Rev. A. W. Atwater and Rev. M. Edward Bryant were
elected tellers. The following were elected and dele¬
gated: M. E. Bryant, F. W. Puryear, W. H. Mixon
and R. M. Cheeks. R. M. Cheeks came to us from
Virginia in 1885 to be pastor at Brown Chapel. Revs.
Bryant, Cheeks and C. E. Harris were elected minis¬
ters to Wilberforce. Messrs. E. W. Stone and W1. H.
